We will build a Digital Native Maize Marketplace (platform) creating access to the value chain for native maize farmers so they can obtain a fair price through eliminating the intermediaries. The Platform will be programmed so that farmers can upload information about the native maize they are selling: how and where it is sold, price, quality, varieties and further conditions of the production process. In this way, the registered buyers will obtain the information necessary to buy a particular maize they want, all being native and biodiverse. We will also introduce a medal system connected to capacity building and indicators for polyculture (milpa), agroecological production, native maize varieties, biological diversity, processes of saving seed, farm GHG emissions, carbon sequestration in soils, etc., to increase the value added to the maize in a sustainable supply chain. Amongst other activities, we will organise meetings and workshops with the main actors in the supply chain of native maize, such as family farmers, maize buyers, farmer and civil society organisations concerned to establish the indicators and criteria necessary. The platform will build capacity to connect farmers with consumers, including the 110,000 tortilla production and nixtamal mills that exist in the country, and therefore support local farming communities and biodiversity conservation. Agriculture and biodiversity are central issues in the context of climate change and adaptation especially when extreme phenomena such as droughts and frosts have become more frequent. The conventional monoculture big-scale agriculture does not only contribute to pollution and the increased dependency on fossil fuels through fertilisers and machinery but it is also based on homogeneous seeds, which is why biodiversity-friendly agriculture is so important to be preserved and developed. Activities:

Meetings and workshops with key stakeholders in the supply chain.
Design of/ Improvements to the platform with marketplace.
Workshops for presenting the platform and pilot functionality.
Launch of platform.
Foster platform use / Dissemination through a communication campaign.
Monitoring of interactions and results through evaluation surveys. 
Understanding of needs and wants for next steps through meetings and workshops.
Sustainable business plan development.
Platform rules update/ changes according to business plan to ensure sustainability after end of grant.
